well howdy there they don't have people
let's bow again signed a question sent
to me over Twitter I can't read the
whole thing or really much of it at all
because there's too much identifying
information and I happen to know I've
got a pretty big audience in this
geographic area but it's from a person
who is attending a university and this
university is heavily funded and
benefits a lot from a large corporation
that happens to have its headquarters
nearby he doesn't support this
corporation actively opposes it
but he was given the opportunity to
organize some talks some to some
speaking engagements and then he finds
out the facility they'd be held that was
funded by this corporation and that
they'd be funding the event and he asks
how can I take their money and fight
them if only there was a way to do that
there is the way you just said as long
as the money isn't affecting the content
that you're putting out as long as it's
not gonna change your speaker list as
long as it's not going to alter what
they're gonna talk about you know the
Department of Defense has this course
really course more of a impromptu most
times but they take guys and they teach
them how to use PKS and sacks horns and
a bunch of stuff the US military doesn't
use itself it's not in their inventory
but they teach our guys how to use it
why on the off chance the opposition
ever leaves it behind they know that
when you're fighting about especially
one as big as the one we're involved in
you never let a resource the opposition
gives you go to waste
yeah I'm sure there are some people that
would say that it would be hypocritical
to use their resources yeah well I asked
them what they've done ask them what
they've done there are times when using
the opposition's resources is your only
option
you would not fault a soldier behind
enemy lines who picked up a foreign
weapon it would even cross your mind and
that's kind of the way we are in this
fight when you're talking about altering
Society
we're behind enemy lines the status quo
is there if a large corporation is
willing to fund you organizing speakers
that are going to speak out against them
well that's just bad decision-making on
their part you have no ethical
obligation to correct that mistake for
them you take that money and you smile
and you put on your event the odds are
your speakers are going to reach more
people than whatever perceived PR value
there is and that's why these large
companies do this large companies
especially those with questionable
business practices they put a lot of
money into the local area and it's to
generate goodwill
if your speakers draw attention or even
inadvertently draw attention to some of
those practices well that's a win you
know at the end of the day when you're
talking about companies that are that
big and that person pervasive in our
society there's no getting away from
them even if you held the event at a
different location without their funding
you probably still end up using their
services when you're talking about
companies at that size it doesn't matter
you know there's that catch-all saying
now you know there is no ethical
consumption I mean there is but it's
pretty rare most things you buy most
activities you become involved in are in
some way shape or form going to benefit
the establishment you just have to make
sure that the benefits of the people
outweighs the benefit to the
establishment anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night